Export function to validate a relational schema exists to allow extensions to leverage it (#1259)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/lucky-zoos-pay.md

---
'@finos/legend-graph': minor
---

> Export function to validate a relational schema exists on a given database to allow extensions to leverage it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expose builder utility function `V1_findSchema()` to find a schema on a given database (including `included` databases).
```
